edge-21.3.1 change notes (#5856)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-21.3.1

This edge release is another release candidate, bringing us closer to
`stable-2.10.0`! It fixes the Helm install/upgrade procedure and ships some new
CLI commands, among other improvements.

* Fixed Helm install/upgrade, which was failing when not explicitly setting
  `proxy.image.version`

> * Added the command `linkerd viz list` to list mesh pods and indicate which can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the command `linkerd viz list` to list meshed pods and indicate which can
```

  be tapped, which need to be restarted before they can be tapped, and which
  have tap disabled
* Similarly, added the command `linkerd jaeger list` to list meshed pods and
  indicate which will participate in tracing
* Added the `--opaque-ports` flag to `linkerd inject` to specify the list of

>   opaque ports when injection pods (and services)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  opaque ports when injecting pods (and services)
```

* Simplified the output of `linkerd jaeger check`, combining the checks for the
  status of each component into a single check

> * Had the destination component receive the `opaquePorts` config set during
>   install so it's properly reflected during injection and discovery

Reviewer: Maybe reword this a little?

```suggestion
* Changed the destination component to receive the list of default opaque ports
  set during install so that it's properly reflected during discovery
```

> * Moved the level of the proxy server's I/O errors from info to debug, which
>   were not providing actionable information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Moved the level of the proxy server's I/O-related "Connection closed" messages
  from info to debug, which were not providing actionable information
```
